Update advanced-features.md (#7804)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/advanced-features.md

## Live response

> [!NOTE]

> > Live Response requires Automated investigation to be turned on before you can enable it in the advanced settings section in the MDE portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Live response requires **Automated investigation** to be turned on before you can enable it in the advanced settings section in the Microsoft for Endpoint portal.
```
